feat: support joyid (#653)
nervosnetwork/lumos: examples/joyid/README.md

# Lumos Works with JoyID

> [JoyID](https://joy.id/) is a universal account protocol. This example will show how to use Lumos to work with JoyID by a simple CKB transfer transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[JoyID](https://joy.id/) is a universal account protocol. This example shows how to use Lumos to work with JoyID by a simple CKB transfer transaction.
```
